hi I'm Eric Schwartz and this shirt is
too small for me just like this clip is
too small for you why we're a small
shirt clip when you can get a full sized
clip right here the whole special is
free is what was my point we're pretty
good I got to tell you something though
I'm not a hundred percent Jewish I am
mixed I know you look at me you're like
dude you are so exotic looking
what are you mostly white but I'm
actually mixed I'm actually also a
quarter step Mexican yeah that means my
step-dad is Mexican so you're my gente
you don't say
yeah I know what's going on with
spanish-speaking people cuz I listen to
bilingual radio all the time I know all
the cool tunes rather my like c'maaan
and la Cubana de hey baby que paso I
thought I was your only vato asuka and
all that stuff no time Etica me cuckoo
cuckoo I love it
dude I'm gonna be the first gringo
mariachi I'll be out there on gringo de
Mayo
yo soy la venta narrow
me gustan las Altos de la chop Arita la
flaca decorous Ella Chiquitita so Tara's
viewed as a diversity Tamika talakad
acara's bonito yeah thank you
I was all confused growing up cuz like a
quarter said Mexican Jew you know every
Hanukkah the rule in our house was you
got to count to ten in Hebrew before you
open your present skeleton and he was
out count in Hebrew right be like if Haj
time shalosh arba himesh sheesh cuz yet
they are on a radius
Shalom cabron and you as the shortboard
I need your help please spread this
around to as many people so that I can
afford to get shirts that are my proper
size if you can afford to get a shirt as
your proper size you can get this and
other shirts that I have for sale on my
website at Eric quartz live.com I did
not write a scrip for this and you can
probably tell